Hopefully, this feels aspiring,
this feels like wow,
that workflow looked and felt fast.
And hopefully I gave you that same feeling
there for just a moment of what a fast
editing experience looks like,
because I just did a whole bunch of stuff.
And I technically didn't practice that and
so except for the merge conflict,
that's the only thing I knew.
And so it all worked out.
Hey, it all worked out.
This probably even works.
I'm sure if I just resourced it,
everything will just work first try, but
we won't do that now.
All right, I think that's about it.
I think that's the end
of the Vim fundamentals.
Plug clean, yeah, plug clean,
just simply, you want me to explain?
Let's see is there are any
other commands for a plug?
There are commands for the plug but
even some plugins have
their own defined commands.
If you look up conqueror of completion,
it actually has a bunch of stuff that it
does, but if you're talking about plug
the vim plug, plug in, it has a few
other ones, but I honestly only ever
used plug install and plug clean.
How plug clean works, is you remember,
inside, here let me close, pen control.
If you remember inside of here, all of
these plugins, whatever is inside of here,
by the way, I mean you might have
noticed right away look, Python,
auto formatting for Python, right?
Everything's already available.
So anything that appears between
here if I delete any of them, and
then this is what happens between
these two, what's gonna happen?
It's gonna go hey,
this is missing from your plugin list,
do you wanna delete it, right?
And so that's what plug clean does.
Plug install just simply after
this thing has been executed,
it will attempt to see which one of your
directories don't match the plug install.
And that's all it does.
It's actually pretty straightforward.
That's fine hey, thank you.
Hopefully got it,
hopefully let's see quite late here, but
thanks yeah, no problem.
Hopefully it was, if you're late,
that's probably good because a lot
of the beginning stuff, I think.
If you're from the stream,
which it sounds like,
then you probably at least
have some vague familiarity.
>> So two questions.
>> Yeah.
>> One is that, when you use an LSP, you
add extra dependencies outside of them.
I know you just bootstrapped your laptop
with getting it back up to speed and
everything.
What are some patterns that you found for
success of getting your editor up and
going on a new system?
>> Well, I have, so
there's a couple of things there.
First, there's like the new system itself.
I'm gonna explore doing Git bare repos and
the .config folder, right?
So that way my XDG config home or
whatever it is, I can actually like,
just clone right into.
And not even symlink you can
clone I believe Git bare repos.
I have to go file there's an Atlassian,
I know I hate Atlassian,
everyone hates Atlassian because of JIRA,
right?
We all unfortunately use
a company that created JIRA.
But they have a walkthrough on
how to do these bare repos for
being able to do better .file management.
And so I'm still working on that.
So that's like the bootstrapping
of a computer, but the Vim stuff,
I have all of my Vim stuff,
all nicely placed.
So if you'll notice that I actually
have it quite a bit different,
I have a bunch of these extra files,
here's all my mappings for harpoon, right?
I have them all kind of by filed.
And what that effectively does,
it allows it and
I take advantage of what is
called Vims runtime path.
I didn't go over that, but
Vim has a runtime path just like your
computer has a runtime path, right?
So if you try to execute say, nil, then it
looks on your computer's path to find it,
it goes in order until
it finds the first one.
Vim does effectively the same thing.
At the boot it has a series of
runtime paths it looks forward till it
finds its RC.
Once it finds its RC, you can add in more
runtime paths or you can have specific
folders In specific locations that
will get automatically sourced, and
that's what I do.
So I take every one of these and
put them into my right now I'm
simlinking into my config.
So I have this plugin folder.
So inside of config and Vim, a init.vim.
If you have in the same folder,
a plugin folder,
it will automatically source every
one of those Vim scripts for you.
Lua does not get automatically sourced.
But if you have a Lua folder, it will put
that into the runtime lookup for Lua.
So I have notes that I do
require the primeagen,
it will actually look in all Lua folders
for a folder called the primeagen or
a script called the primeagen.lua,
and then if there's an init.lua,
it'll automatically execute that.
So I have everything commented out right
now, but I can actually set up all of my
harpoon to be able to be all Lua driven,
because it's a Lua plugin, right?
So this is gonna be me slowly
moving my setup into Lua.
And that's kinda how I do it, I have my
own repo, clone it down symlink it in
right now into the my .config, and
then when I open up vim, it just works.
I currently make Neovim,
so we do this Neovim bragging to see
who has the latest version of Neovim.
It's gonna be pretty embarrassing
if I do this but Neovim,
my goodness, git pull origin master
git checked git fetch, right?
Git fetch gosh this gonna be so
embarrassing git checkout master no.
No, I'm 51 commits behind this is
just a travesty on the Internet.
I'm 51 commits behind the git
checkout origin master and
then I just literally I just make and
then sudo make install, right?
And I just use vim the most
bleeding edge of Neovim just
because it has all the sweet functions.
I can't do sudo make install because
you're gonna see all my sweet pass
codes but yeah.
And so
it's just fun to be on the latest for
me because it has all
those really nice API's.
Like nvim buff is valid is in the 5x
branch with the bleeding edge branch you
can't get it by doing a brew install.
And so I'm always living on the edge.
It's been really, really good.
I've actually really enjoyed
using the latest and
that's effectively my workflow setup,
is something super simple as that,
just symlinking and going though I
am considering something different.
So what's the benefit to Vim over Emacs?
Is it purely preference?
Effectively, I'd say more and
more at this point it becomes more and
more purely preference.
Just because Vim or
Emacs has an Evil mode, which is Vim mode.
If I don't know how one to one it is
because I haven't used Emacs in depth
enough to know if it is
one to one with Vim.
But vim has its own eccentric ways of
doing things such as quick fix list and
if you use Emacs with the default key
bindings you're gonna get carpal tunnel in
like five years.
Those things are terrifying but
nonetheless, besides for that,
if you all only use Vim, really, you just
have a different set of plugins, right?
They even now have apparently a magit for
Vim, so
you can get the Emacs,
Git library now on Vim.
So, we'll see.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Bye.
>> Appreciate it.